Hey, busy man.
Why do you have time to see me?
today
Help me find out what their relationship is
Do you still need to watch these two?
At first glance, it is his fight.
Not the same as my relationship with you
I already told you
Is he a good thing?
What are you little, you just don't listen to me
He can't even spare you a nanny
Do you think he will be idle?
I told you to stop arguing, it's no use
Just listen to me
Hacked all his money
In the future, when he withdraws money, you will put the money
Take it all down for me
I'll go with you when you have money
And his money is all black money
Without him
He also used the future to make money
Stop talking nonsense
He couldn't have done this to me.
There must be some misunderstanding
Are you crazy?
He's been using you, don't you know?
Do you want to help me check?
Don't help me check, I'll find someone else
Sit down for me
You have someone else
Since elementary school, it has been forbidden for me to protect you.
What are you doing? Do you take me for air?
Keep your voice down
Let people hear